You did a good job on this
Your Majesty is serious. In fact, the minister is just trying to protect himself
The minister can have today
Thanks to your majesty
Don't be modest
I think this Ph.D. in mechanics is too subservient for you
It just so happens that the court needs to rectify the shield
I plan to establish a department
Specializing in the investigation of wrongdoing within officials
There is still a leader missing.
You have a great personality!
The minister is still young
Fear of being incompetent
Hahaha
Age is not a problem
As long as you put your heart into it, it's enough.
If something goes wrong
I really order for you
Feelings don't have to be polite
Hey
Although the matter of the Sun family has ended
But in my heart
There has always been a regret
The regret in His Majesty's heart can be related to the Chu family
Yes, although the cause is the Sun family
But it is indeed the butcher's knife that I am able to lower
I'm upset
By the way, this legacy of the Chu family should be in your Qin family now
Exactly. Okay.
Then I will marry the two of you
Do it according to royal specifications
It can be regarded as me making up for the Chu family
What do you think?
Chen Qinfeng thanked His Majesty
I heard that you don't have any money in relation to that oarui named Hongxiu in the brothel.
Then I will reward you together.
Just treat it as this time you help me take down the reward of the Sun family
Yes what
Xiuer, so you are satisfied
Yes, brother.
If you force Yu Qinglang
It will only make him unhappy
It's for the best.
Forget it, you've been an idea since you were a kid
I can't persuade you to do whatever you want
Thank you brother
This is not a fuel-efficient lamp.
Then keep the million taels clean
Groom, I told you there was no escape